README.md, before:

# flora-docs

This repo contains project documentation, group meeting minutes, and related school-assigned work. More importantly, it contains guidelines and templates for project workflows that all contributors must adhere to.

## Root File Tree Overview

Overview of the root file tree. An *(M)* indicates that this filetree can be contributed to on the main branch and does not require an open issue or pull-request. All others must be modified using the [milestones-and-branches](resources/git/milestones-and-branches.md) workflow.

### branding
Documents related to branding - logos, marketing, etc.

### design-292
Project work related to Design for Manufacturing (ECET292) assignments.

### engl-273
Project work related to Technical Communications (ENGL273) assignments

### groupwork *(M)*
Meeting minutes, personal sandboxes, and journals

### projman-291
Project work related to Project Management (ECET291) assignments

### resources *(M)*
Templates and guidelines for project workflows, including naming conventions, version control, and contributing to repositories.

Commit message:

file hygiene
- Updated root readme
- moved school related folders into one folder
- created an ECO folder
- created ECO naming convention
- added living docs to root of folder

README.md, after:

# flora-docs

This repo contains project documentation, group meeting minutes, and related school-assigned work. More importantly, it contains guidelines and templates for project workflows that all contributors must adhere to.
Important living documents live in the folder root, such as the requirements spec and test plan. 

## Root File Tree Overview

Overview of the root file tree. An *(M)* indicates that this filetree can be contributed to on the main branch and does not require an open issue or pull-request. All others must be modified using the [milestones-and-branches](resources/git/milestones-and-branches.md) workflow.

### branding
Documents related to branding - logos, marketing, etc.

### ECOs
Engineering change orders related to the project.

### groupwork *(M)*
Meeting minutes and personal sandboxes.

### resources *(M)*
Templates and guidelines for project workflows, including naming conventions, version control, and contributing to repositories.

### school
Non-living documents related to school assignments that may be stale versions of living documents in the root directory. The version that was submitted on D2L is in this folder unless otherwise noted.
