# Creating 10 Hard Requirments

## Agenda
- Create 10 hard Requirments and tests to determine if they are met

# Requirments

## Software

### 1. MUST have an offline web server for the UI.
*DETAILS*: tbd
*TEST*: A Wi-Fi capable device can connect to the node and render the UI using a modern (Chrome, Safari, etc.) browser.
*PASS/FAIL*: UI is rendered and readable.

### 2. Users MUST be able to send LoRa packets using the web interface from one device to another
*DETAILS*:
*TEST*: Sending a message using the UI and it appearing on the other device's rendered UI.
*PASS/FAIL*: The sent message is shown on the other device's UI.

### 3. Chats MUST have a user name/device identifier and SHOULD have a timestamp and a Read Reciept/Acknowledgement
*TEST*: The UI renders chat history with usernames, timestamps, and read reciepts
*PASS/FAIL*: The chats are listed in chronological order with some identifier as to who sent the message.

### 4. The node MUST battery voltages and SHOULD have a low-voltage disconnect with hysteresis.
*TEST*: Test with a variable voltage power supply that the tests pass within. 
*PASS/FAIL*: The reported battery voltage is accurate within 3% and should disconnect when the battery voltage drops below a certain voltage and turn back on when the battery charges above a certain voltage.

### 5. There MUST be a packet collision avoidance protocol implemented that deals with the hidden-node problem.
*TEST*: Attempt to transmit a LoRa packet from 2 devices to a single reciever at the same time without a connection between the two senders to coordinate between them.
*PASS/FAIL*: Neither message is lost or is corrupted and they are displayed in the UI in the correct order based on their timestamp.

## Hardware

### 1. PCB must exist
*TEST*: Can i hold it.
*PASS/FAIL*: It is in my hands by the end of the term. 

### 2. Ingress Protection
*DETAILS*: Enclosure and glands are all at least IPX4 rated or above.
*TEST*: see ipx4 rating system
*PASS/FAIL*: All materials have IPX4 or greater certification from reputable lab.

### 3. Power supply
*TEST*: Test a wide range of input voltages using a variable power supply. 
*PASS/FAIL*: The device power supply can run off voltages from at least 5V-20V to accomadate many different battery types and provides a stable 3.3V +/- 0.1V out across the range.

### 4. Off-Grid Power Audit
*DETAILS*: Based on datasheet specifications/power audit and duty cycle, we MUST have recommendations for sizing the batteries and panels for different locations and insolations. 
*TEST*: 
*PASS/FAIL*: 

### 5. Antennas
*DETAILS*: Antennas are well matched to the driving Hardware. May require tuning to meet these requirements.
*TEST*: SWR/Impedance testing of antenna and source using VNA.
*PASS/FAIL*: Source impedance is matched to antenna so that VSWR < 2 and return loss < -10 dB