# 27 September 2024

Finalizing PCB v0.0.0 before Justin tears it up, presentation stuff, budget stuff, and more...

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

- [x] WMJ Meeting
  - LVD circuit
  - RTS/DTR pin breakout
  - PG off the 3.3V output OR off the PSU_EN 3V zener
- [x] Gantt Chart
- [x] Review Schematic v0.0 (SEE *IN REVIEW* SECTION)
- [x] Presentation *GOT THE OUTLINE DONE*
  - WEDNESDAY MEETING
- [x] PCB routing after v0.0.1
  - WEDNESDAY MEETING

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Presentation v1.0

-  Outline done in Thursday English class
-  Cam working on it Saturday morn
-  Slides due monday for practicing
-  Taking a look at current slide
  -  

#### Petal v0.0 Layout & Routing

-  Aaron working on this, currently routing.
-  Looked over layout as a group and no glaring issues were found.

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### v0.0.0 schematic

-  Aaron will close after meeting
-  Will start editing v0.0.1 after FB from Justin
-  We'll play around with battery monitoring with prototype for v0.1

#### Presentation Outline

-  Needs to link a pull request to close it.

### OTHERS

Other issues req discussion

#### Hardware testing

- Cam is keen

#### Post-Hardware

- Focusing on software dev for the next few weeks until next PCB revision is due & general juggling of engl & projman

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything?

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

- nothin this week

# TODO

Things to do!

- [ ] PCB routing
- [ ] PCB ordering
- [ ] Presentation due for practice
- [ ] Meet @ 11am monday @ tella's for presentation + budget :(

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***

***meeting-minutes.md v1.1***