# 04 October 2024



# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

- [x] PCB routing
- [ ] PCB ordering
    -  Moved to week 7, see ECO
- [x] Presentation due for practice
- [x] Meet @ 11am monday @ tella's for presentation + budget 

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Enclosure v0.1

Everyone make one and compare. Leave til next week

#### Firmware v1.0 beta

Aaron will work on p2p LoRa monday demo?
Cam on serving hello world blazor app due for monday demo
Tella on lora architecture.

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### Hardware Testing Scheme

Cam has started, moved to in progress

#### Datasheet repo

Just use the altium stuff. not the time for this right now. issue closed with comment

#### avalink beta testing scheme

Aaron started this in excel
All agree that its adequate for now
Revisit when a few of the tests are passing.

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Petal v0.0.1

- Changed due date for petal v0.0 to week 7
- Bulk is done, just making little tweaks every few days
- Aaron will focus on this

#### v1.0 beta block diagram

- Cam is gonna work on static file server
   - Document later, code first
- Tella work on LoRa section for network architecture
   - using meshtastic and loralink to see how they do it

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### Risk Assessment

tella will close issue

#### Todd Assignment

Meat is there, Aaron will look over and close

## Project Supply Orders

Order for monday:
- SD cards

Update Altium BOM while doing hardware this weekend

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_
- [ ] Tweak hardware & BOM
- [ ] Close todd assignment
- [ ] Start working on Lora p2p
- [ ] Assist with static server
_Tella_
- [ ] Research and map out LoRa mesh network architecture on draw.io
- [ ] Close risk asssesment issue
- [ ] HAM presentation in back of mind
_Cam_
- [ ] Static file serving test for monday demo

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.2***
