# 14 October 2024

Pre-PCB order meeting

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_
- [ ] continue with Hardware
- [ ] Figure out that watchdog thing/handler function

_Tella_
- [ ] Continue with lora architecture
- [ ] Mess around with lora modules if time

_Cam_
- [ ] Web Dev: transfer blazor stuff to vanilla html/js/css
- [ ] Start on hardware testing doc

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Enclosure v0.1



### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### First Issue

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Hardware Testing Scheme

#### Petal v0.0.1

#### AVAlink v1.0 beta diagram

#### AVAlink v1.0 beta testing scheme

#### AVAlink v1.0 beta firmware

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### First Issue

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything?

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ]

_Tella_

- [ ]

_Cam_

- [ ]

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 04 October 2024***