# 21 October 2024

MEETING INFO

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

Lost it because the minutes didn't get committed correctly....

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Progress Presentation outline

Moved to ready, will begin tuesday when first draft of report is done. Due Thursday

#### Progress Presentation v1.0

Moved to ready, will begin tuesday when first draft of report is done. Due Friday

#### v0.0 Testing

Test plan will be done tonight, testing will begin after boards are assembled. Remain in backlog.

#### Standards Document

Moved in from No status. Due Nov 3rd.

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### Progress Report v1.0

Waiting for kimberley feedback on beta on Tuesday.

#### Enclosure v0.1

Cam has good progress on enclosure. Moved to in progress.

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### v1.0 Block diagram

Basically done, moved to in review

#### AVAlink v1.0 beta testing scheme

Moved to In Review, will be closed monday night once Ryan's testing plan is done.

#### AVAlink v1.0 beta

No progress, busy with other stuff...

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### Progress Report beta

Closed by Cam last weekend.

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything?

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

## Requirements And Change Order

Need change order for some requirements. Created Requirements v1.2 and accompanying change order

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ] Test Plan
- [ ] Submit progress report to Kim
- [ ] Firmware dev
- [ ] Progress presentation

_Tella_

- [ ] Dive into interrupts and Semtech document. IRQ FLAGS vs DIO. Can we recieve messages during a channel scan?
- [ ] Progress presentation

_Cam_

- [ ] Add node IDs and SOS button to web app
- [ ] Progress presentation

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***