# 25 October 2024
Meeting info

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_

- [x] Test Plan
- [x] Submit progress report to Kim
- [ ] Firmware dev
- [x] Progress presentation

_Tella_

- [x] Dive into interrupts and Semtech document. IRQ FLAGS vs DIO. Can we recieve messages during a channel scan?
- [x] Progress presentation

_Cam_

- [x] Add node IDs and SOS button to web app
  - SOS button underway, Node IDs work
- [x] Progress presentation

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### v0.0 Testing

Waiting to build PCBs, that starts today.

#### Standards document

Next week

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### Progress Report v1.0

Moved to in review. Closing today after submission.


#### Progress Presentation Outline

Done on Thursday. Submitting today and closing.

#### Progress Presentation v1.0

Started, submitting current progress to kim today, moved to In progress.

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### v1.0 beta block diagram. 

Done. Moved to in review, will close when block diagram is pulled to main.

#### AVAlink firmware v1.0 beta

In progress.. still... 
We are pushing due date back for this milestone to Nov 11, moving due date of Petal v0.1 to Nov 25th to allow us to focus on firmware dev.

#### Enclosure v0.1

Cams is done, Aarons is printing.

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### AVAlink beta testing scheme

Closed, see test plan.

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything? - no

# OPEN MIC

Nothing today, just going to start building PCBs

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ] Build PCB
- [ ] Close issues in review from today
- [ ] Progress Presentation
- [ ] Firmware Dev

_Tella_

- [ ] Progress Presentation
- [ ] Build PCBs
- [ ] Firmware Dev

_Cam_

- [ ] Progress Presentation
- [ ] Build PCBs
- [ ] Finish Web app beta (SOS button, etc.)

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***