# November 1 2024

Meeting info

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_

- [x] Standards doc
- [x] Firmware dev
  - Fixed rx bug, more like hardware testing

_Tella_

- [x] Standards doc
- [x] Firmware dev

_Cam_

- [x] Standards doc
- [x] Web server
  - SOS button, may end up modifying
- [x] informal board testing, USB etc.
  - removed R6, C6, C5 from USB lines and fixed the issue

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Web Page

Moved into backlog, due Nov 22nd

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### Test Petal v0.0

Moving to ready, starting formal testing this week.
We'll begin with the internal checklist and then progress to the test plan assuming that all passes.

#### Standards Doc

Individual, closing this issue, not req on github.

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Firmware v1.0 beta

- Basic functionality on the Petal works (pingpong, serving web app, sd card interface, etc.)
- Next we'll be refactoring before implementing the stack
- Digging into plan on Monday

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### Progress presentation v1.0

Went on Tuesday, linked the pull request and closed the issue.

## Project Supply Orders

Standardize parts and make an order to assemble another prototype with less variety of parts to compare to the other prototypes.

# OPEN MIC

Nothing this week

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

Off

_Tella_

Off

_Cam_

- [ ] Standardize parts for order
- [ ] Might take a look at message history stuff on SD card, converting to csv?
 
# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***