# 4 November 2024

Meeting info

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_

Off
  - Got LoRa and Web server talking!

_Tella_

Off

_Cam_

- [x] Standardize parts for order
  - Put together an order for tomorrow. Not much we could consolidate because of footprint sizing. Talk to MJW about it today, do they want it cleaned up and shrunk down?
- [x] Might take a look at message history stuff on SD card, converting to csv?
  - Maybe just getting rid of JSON packets all together? Cam wrote functionality for just simple comma-separated strings to be sent over the socket.

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### English Web Page

No progress yet, start on this next week...

### READY

Nothing in ready this week

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Firmware v1.0 beta

Moving to in review, push current firmware to main and close.

#### Test Petal v0.0

Wednesday we'll get together and run through our official testing for the two boards we have now. Building more boards on Friday using testing results.

### IN REVIEW

Issues in review

#### Web App v1.0 beta

Closing with firmware this week.

## Project Supply Orders

Cam has an order put together. Discussing budget with MJW today and ordering tomorrow. Spare components plus SD cards from amazon.

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ] Close issues in review
- [ ] Take a look at removing JSON packets
- [ ] Firmware refactor

_Tella_

- [ ] Catch up
- [ ] Chip away at HAM radio presentation

_Cam_

- [ ] Take a look at removing JSON packets
- [ ] Firmware refactor

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***