# 15 November 2024

Testing, English Website, Firmware, Milestones

# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_

- [x] Finish board assembly
- [ ] Hardware testing - W. EMI
  - being done right after this
- [x] webpage
  - doing hardware section, discussed layout. not started...
- [x] firmware - LoRa protocol
  - did psuedocode on thursday together, did some implementation. Also messed around with retrying messages and CAD.

_Tella_

- [x] Finish board assembly
- [ ] Hardware testing - W.O. EMI
  - being done right after this
- [x] webpage 
  - doing home/about, first draft done, taking a look at improvements w group today
- [x] firmware - LoRa protocol
  - did psuedocode on thursday together, did some implementation. Also messed around with retrying messages and CAD.

_Cam_

- [x] Finish board assembly
- [ ] Hardware testing - % Regulation
  - being done right after this
- [x] webpage
  - doing software section, same as tella in terms of progress.
- [x] firmware - SD card stuff
  - Wrote the Message.appendHistory() function and pulled to firmware-unstable.

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Final Presentation Outline

Moved into backlog today.

#### Project Display

Moved into backlog today

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### Formal Report Outline

Moved into Ready, due Nov 25

#### User Manual Outline

Moved into ready, due Nov 29

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Risk Audit

Moved to In Progress today. Due Nov 25. Tella will do early if feeling gung-ho

#### English Web Page

Software & home/about is basically done, going to be editting today as a group.
Hardware is starting this weekend. 

#### Petal v0.0 Testing

Re-testing the power supplies today after discovering the loading issue.

RF Cx from amazon were delayed, pushed radio testing to next week friday...

### IN REVIEW

Nothing in review at this time.

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything?

# OPEN MIC

Open to the group

## Updating Milestones & Status Workbook

We need to check our milestones because we will no longer be doing another pcb revision. MJW are happy with v0.0.
We will also review other milestones that need  to be changed and create an ECO for that.

From both status workbook and the actual sched, we need to get rid of Petal v0.1 and v0.2 related milestones. We also need to get rid of the datasheet milestone in the schedule because that's not actually an assignment. Our user manual will take the place of that. 

We'll create EC3-15.11.2024-MC ("Milestone Change") to track these changes. Upon approval we can make the changes to the workbook and the schedule.

We also updated the requirements per EC2.

Order tracking was behind so we also updated that.

## HAM Radio Presentation

Tella will complete this weekend

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ] Tidy up project management stuff (EC3, budget)
- [ ] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [ ] Finish Firmware (Retries, linked list, etc.)
- [ ] Website (software section)
- [ ] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday

_Tella_

- [ ] HAM Radio presentation
- [ ] Risk Audit
- [ ] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [ ] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday

_Cam_

- [ ] Website
- [ ] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [ ] Enjoy a day off :)
- [ ] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***