# 18 Nov 2024



# AGENDA

Agenda for today, prepared in advance

## Project Issues Status

Status updates on project issues

### LAST TIME TODO

_Aaron_

- [x] Tidy up project management stuff (EC3, budget)
- [x] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [x] Finish Firmware (Retries, linked list, etc.)
  - finished the firmware and it works
  - but: need to write a power management task function to put the esp to sleep.
- [ ] Website (hardware section)
  - started but not finished, will be done today/tomorrow
- [x] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday
  - Focus on non-project stuff for next week or so, see how far we get english and todd, start reintroducing project stuff next week as time becomes available. push school assignments.

_Tella_

- [x] HAM Radio presentation
  - dicussed this morning, needs some housekeeping but we'll practice wednesday morn
- [ ] Risk Audit
    - not gung ho
- [x] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [x] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday
  - double down on school work for this week other than testing on friday

_Cam_

- [x] Website
- [x] Flash Meshtastic for presentation
- [x] Enjoy a day off :)
- [x] Think about how to tackle the next month, have some ideas for Monday
  - same same. Would like to focus on User manual

### BACKLOG

Upcoming issues

#### Final Presentation Outline

No change. do final report first

#### Symposium Display

Map of the nodes we'll set up
Some sort of game or story?

Materials from prep room
 - Monitor
 - Solar panel
 - Power supply for LVD demo

Pamphlet idea:
- map of nodes around camosun
- QR code
- how it works

Need to see about print budget and lead times

### READY

Issues ready to be picked up

#### User Manual

Cam is interested in picking this up. Start outline this week. Moved to in progress

#### Formal Report Outline

Aaron will pick this up. Take a look at circuit cellar content guidelines. Moved to in progress.

#### English Web Page

Moved to in progress, almost done waiting for hardware.

### IN PROGRESS

Issues in progress

#### Test Petal v0.0

PSU testing last week went well, Radio testing at radio shop on friday

#### Risk Audit

No updates

#### beta Testing

Refactored code to use freeRTOS events this weekend, which allowed us to fully implement our CSMA protocol with message retries!
Moved into backlog today. Still need to make the power management task and LED task before a stress test can start. 
See the [README](flora-software/firmware/README) in firmware for more info on the todo list.

### IN REVIEW

Nothing in review this week

## Project Supply Orders

Do we need to order anything?

# OPEN MIC

Talked about the WARA presentation on Wednesday

# TODO

Things to do!

_Aaron_

- [ ] Webpage
- [ ] Start formal report outline

_Tella_

- [ ] Finish WARA presentation
- [ ] Risk Audit
- [ ] Final touches on Webpage

_Cam_

- [ ] User manual outline
- [ ] Final touches on Webpage

# 

***TEMPLATE INFO***
***meeting-minutes.md v1.3***
***Updated 14 October 2024***
